README.md, before:

## Description

A simple Tiktok web clone

## Tech Stack

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Sanity
- Zustand
- tailwindcss

# Libraries

- Tailwind Styled Components
- Axios
- Google OAuth (Google Identity Services)

## Project Vision

After trying a few different technologies during my last project [treban](https://github.com/Afanami/treban) I wanted to dive deeper into learning more about some of the technologies I used. So for this project I'm abstracting away from all the backend layer with GraphQL, Prisma and PostgreSQL and using Sanity as the CMS so I can purely focus on achieving a deeper understanding of TypeScript & Next.js. The overall project vision is just to increase my experience with these technologies and get a better feel for them by having a clear idea of what I'm going to build.

## Project Progress

Setup Next.js template and updated README file with project information. Created some base components and added tailwind styled components for component styling. Refactoring current tailwind styles into styled components. Created video component and got videos rendering and pausing/playing. Need to tidy up styles into styled components for video component later. Working on uploading video page.

Commit message:

finialise changes, readme, user profile, tags, filtering

README.md, after:

## Description

A simple Tiktok web clone

## Tech Stack

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Sanity
- Zustand
- tailwindcss

# Libraries

- Tailwind Styled Components
- Axios
- Google OAuth (Google Identity Services)

## Project Vision

After trying a few different technologies during my last project [treban](https://github.com/Afanami/treban) I wanted to dive deeper into learning more about some of the technologies I used. So for this project I'm abstracting away from all the backend layer with GraphQL, Prisma and PostgreSQL and using Sanity as the CMS so I can purely focus on achieving a deeper understanding of TypeScript & Next.js. The overall project vision is just to increase my experience with these technologies and get a better feel for them by having a clear idea of what I'm going to build.

## Project Progress

Setup Next.js template and updated README file with project information. Created some base components and added tailwind styled components for component styling. Refactoring current tailwind styles into styled components. Created video component and got videos rendering and pausing/playing. Need to tidy up styles into styled components for video component later. Working on uploading video page. Created user profile page. Added functionaliy to discover tags to filter correctly. Implemented filter search to filter by topic/comments based on search term. Wrapping up project.

# TODO

For now most new features/pages are styled directly in the file with tailwindcss for ease during time of dev. Need to refactor most of this out into tailwindcss-styled-components for code readability and maintainability.
